[MRG] DOC Add link of kernal approx to svm user guide (#23535)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/modules/svm.rst

    >>> rbf_svc.kernel
    'rbf'

> See also :ref:`kernel_approximation` for usage with other algorithms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See also :ref:`kernel_approximation` for a solution to use RBF kernels that is much faster and more scalable.
```

Author: I agree that we should add why it is useful. Thanks for the modification.
